Fixes #7729 - fix formatting (#7731)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Hash_Tables.md

The [ordered] attribute was introduced in PowerShell 3.0.

## Creating Hash Tables

To create a hash table, follow these guidelines:

- Begin the hash table with an at sign (`@`).
- Enclose the hash table in braces (`{}`).
- Enter one or more key/value pairs for the content of the hash table.
- Use an equal sign (`=`) to separate each key from its value.
- Use a semicolon (`;`) or a line break to separate the key/value pairs.

> - Key that contains spaces must be enclosed in quotation marks. Values must be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Keys that contain spaces must be enclosed in quotation marks. Values must be
```
